DEVX-1524 cp-quickstart/start-docker-cloud tidys demo and adds Protobuf example (#639)
confluentinc/examples: cp-quickstart/README.md

## Confluent Cloud

> * Confluent Cloud is a similar quickstart to Confluent Platform. After logging into the `ccloud` CLI, run the command below and open your browser navigating to https://confluent.cloud. Be aware the demo creates real cloud resources and incurs charges.  This is for demonstration purposes and should only be used for development environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This quickstart for Confluent Cloud is similar to those above for Confluent Platform. After logging into the `ccloud` CLI, run the command below and open your browser navigating to https://confluent.cloud. Be aware the demo creates real cloud resources and incurs charges.  This is for demonstration purposes and should only be used for development environments.
```

```bash
./start-docker-cloud.sh
```

> * This demo also shows usage of the various data formats supported by Confluent Cloud, Schema Registry and ksqlDB.  The demo deploys a [ksqlDB application](cp-quickstart/docker-cloud-statements.sql) which builds streams and tables using Avro, Protobuf and JSON based formats.  The demo provides sample commands at the end of its startup showing how to consume Protobuf and Avro based data streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This demo also shows usage of the various data formats supported by Confluent Cloud, Schema Registry and ksqlDB.  The demo deploys a [ksqlDB application](cp-quickstart/docker-cloud-statements.sql) which builds streams and tables using Avro, Protobuf and JSON based formats.  The demo provides sample commands at the end of its startup showing how to consume Protobuf based data streams (e.g. `users` topic) and Avro based data streams (e.g. `pageviews` topic)
```

## Confluent Cloud

> * Confluent Cloud is a similar quickstart to Confluent Platform. After logging into the `ccloud` CLI, run the command below and open your browser navigating to https://confluent.cloud. Be aware the demo creates real cloud resources and incurs charges.  This is for demonstration purposes and should only be used for development environments.

Reviewer: "run the command below" -- which command is this?

> * This demo also shows usage of the various data formats supported by Confluent Cloud, Schema Registry and ksqlDB.  The demo deploys a small ksqlDB application which builds streams and tables using Avro, Protobuf and JSON based formats.  The demo provides sample commands at the end of its startup showing how to consume Protobuf and Avro based data streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This demo also shows usage of the various data formats supported by Confluent Cloud, Schema Registry and ksqlDB.  The demo deploys a [ksqlDB application](cp-quickstart/docker-cloud-statements.sql) which builds streams and tables using Avro, Protobuf and JSON based formats.  The demo provides sample commands at the end of its startup showing how to consume Protobuf and Avro based data streams.
```

Author: thank you, will commit this but not in this suggestion as I'm going to address the one above at the same time and don't want to deal w/ conflicts.
